{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green55\blue106;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.serkanyazicioglu.com/2011/12/soa-nedir/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://blog.serkanyazicioglu.com/2011/12/soa-nedir/}}
\f0\fs24 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Kimden: Jos\'e9 Delgado <jose.delgado@tecnico.ulisboa.pt>\
Konu: RE: Master Thesis\
Tarih: 26 Aral\uc0\u305 k 2013 15:55:21 GMT\
Kime: "'eNeS'" <enesuysal@gmail.com>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Hi, Enes,
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 The goal is to consider the distributed interoperability problem in a cloud context. In other words, how to interconnect modules with a floating location such as a cloud, in which migration can happen naturally.
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 The basic idea is to compare the two most common solutions (SOA and REST) and a solution I propose (Structural Services), which combines the best features from SOA and REST. This should be done for several application patterns and with qualitative and quantitative criteria.
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 I enclose three papers which give a better idea of what I\'92m talking about. Take a look at them and if you are interested we can talk. I almost never go to IST-Alameda. If you can\'92t come to Tagus, we can use Skype.
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Regards,
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Jose Delgado
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs30 \cf0 From:
\b0  eNeS [mailto:enesuysal@gmail.com] \uc0\u8232 
\b Sent:
\b0  Tuesday, December 24, 2013 5:46 AM\uc0\u8232 
\b To:
\b0  jose.delgado@tecnico.ulisboa.pt\uc0\u8232 
\b Subject:
\b0  Master Thesis
\f2\fs32 \
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3 \cf0 Dear Teacher
\f2 \
\'a0\

\f3 I am a student from Engenharia Inform\'e1tica e de Computadores \'96 Alameda.
\f2 \
\'a0\

\f3 I would like to meet and talk with you for the thesis on "Programa\'e7\'e3o distribu\'edda em cloud computing". because this subject is interesting for me.\'a0
\f2 \

\f3 I will be waiting your email.
\f2 \
\'a0\

\f3 Thank you in advance
\f2 \

\f3 Enes UYSAL
\f2 \
}